The agent did not get very far in implementing the SPEC file. However there were passes to the acceptance list that was in the SPEC file. In the implementation of the file, the copilot used pickle which was a security concern. Pickle is unsafe if files can be tampered with and the module is not a secure storage format since attackers can modify files. There were many warns that were listed by the copilot as they parsed through the acceptance statements listed in the SPEC and passes as well. There was 1 fail out of 7 acceptance conditions and multiple warns. There was descriptive feedback on the issues that were found in reviewing the code. However, the percent calculation was incorrect for the program. One of the fixes of the agent addressed the correct percentage calculation. In addition to this, the agent also recommended ensuring random selection of questions, avoiding pickle vulnerabilities, using stable question IDs, and more robust input error handling. During the code generation, I intervened when the agent may have been in a loop. I resent the prompt. I am not sure if a better SPEC would have prevented the loop that occurred. The AI review was useful and the acceptance conditions were verified and prioritized by the agent. The AI review did list acceptance conditions as fails and did not falsely classify code as bugs. In order to get a better result from the agent, it would have been beneficial to be specific with the general implementations of the major sections of the code such as the workings of the quiz and specific libraries to use. This workflow would be useful in a scenario in which verification is useful and second-hand input.
